samples: add AgentMemory (Neo4j-agent memory reimplemented in NET ) shopping assistant sample (#7096)
microsoft/agent-framework: dotnet/samples/02-agents/AgentWithMemory/README.md

|[Custom Memory Implementation](../../01-get-started/04_memory/)|This sample demonstrates how to create a custom memory component and attach it to an agent.|
|[Memory with Microsoft Foundry](./AgentWithMemory_Step04_MemoryUsingFoundry/)|This sample demonstrates how to create and run an agent that uses Microsoft Foundry's managed memory service to extract and retrieve individual memories.|
|[Bounded Chat History with Overflow](./AgentWithMemory_Step05_BoundedChatHistory/)|This sample demonstrates how to create a bounded chat history provider that overflows older messages to a vector store and recalls them as memories.|

> |[Memory Using AgentMemory](./AgentWithMemory_Step06_MemoryUsingAgentMemory/)|This sample demonstrates a retail shopping assistant built with [`AgentMemory`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AgentMemory), a .NET port of the Neo4j Labs graph-memory provider (not an officially recognized Neo4j integration), via its `Neo4jMemoryContextProvider` (`AIContextProvider`), to learn customer preferences and recommend products via graph traversal. Ships as a **standalone** sample consuming the published NuGet packages (targets `Microsoft.Agents.AI` 1.9.0), so it does not participate in this repo's Central-Package-Management / source-reference build.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Memory Using AgentMemory](./AgentWithMemory_Step06_MemoryUsingAgentMemory/)|This sample demonstrates a retail shopping assistant built with [`AgentMemory`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AgentMemory), an unofficial .NET port of the Neo4j Labs graph-memory provider, to learn customer preferences and recommend products via graph traversal.|
```
